
















Annual Financial Report | Premier Farnell








































Skip to main content






Premier Farnell














        	        	Annual Financial Report        


 





Annual Financial Report

 








PREMIER FARNELL PLC - Annual Financial Report

PREMIER FARNELL PLC - Annual Financial Report
PR Newswire
London, May 13


                              Premier Farnell plc
                      ("Premier Farnell" or "the Company")

                              Annual Report 2014
                                      and
                        Notice of Annual General Meeting

Premier Farnell plc announces that the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of the
Company will be held on 17 June 2014 at 10:30 am at the offices of Allen &
Overy LLP, One Bishops Square, London, E1 6AD.

Premier Farnell has today posted (or otherwise made available) to its
shareholders the following documents:

Annual Report for the year ending 2 February 2014

Notice of Annual General Meeting; and

Form of Proxy for the Annual General Meeting (for those shareholders entitled
to attend and vote)


In accordance with Listing Rule 9.6.1 copies of these documents have been
submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will be available for viewing
shortly at http://www.morningstar.co.uk/uk/NSM .

The Company's Annual Report is also available on the Company website at
http://reporting2014.premierfarnell.com/ and the Notice of Annual General Meeting is
at http://www.premierfarnell.com/investors/agm

In accordance with Disclosure and Transparency Rule 6.3.5 (2) (b) additional
information is set out in the appendices to this announcement.

Enquiries:

Premier Farnell plc
Steven Webb                    Company Secretary        +44 (0)870 129 8608
Thomas Churchill              Investor Relations        +44 (0) 20 7851 4107

Appendices
The following information is extracted from the Annual Report and Accounts.
Page references are to pages in the Annual Report and Accounts.

Appendix A:  Directors' responsibility statement pursuant to DTR 4 (page 62)

Each of the Directors, as listed on pages 46 and 47 confirms that, to the best
of his or her knowledge:


(a) the consolidated financial statements in this report, which have been
prepared in accordance with, International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRSs) as adopted by the EU, IFRIC interpretations and those parts of the
Companies Act 2006 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS, and the
Company financial statements in this report which have been prepared in
accordance with UK GAAP give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
financial position and profit of the Group taken as a whole; and

(b) the management report contained in this Annual Report includes a fair
review of the development and performance of the business and the position of
the Company and the Group taken as a whole, together with a description of the
principal risks and uncertainties that they face.

Appendix B: Risks and uncertainties (pages 26 - 27)

The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are summarised below.
The disclosure of risks and uncertainties in the table below reflects the ethos
of the Company to also look for the opportunities presented when addressing
significant risks.


The principal risks are formally reviewed, twice per year by the Board. Updates
in terms of emerging risks or significant actions undertaken are addressed as
and when required at Board meetings. The principal risks are determined through
an evaluation of likelihood of occurrence and potential impact, with a full
review also undertaken by the Global Executive Team (GET), comprising the CEO
and his direct reports.


Management also review specific strategic, operational, financial and
compliance risks in regular focused forums during the year, at GET meetings,
quarterly business reviews with each of the businesses, major programmes and
project reviews, and at other key executive management meetings.


Risks and      Mitigating Actions            Opportunity
Uncertainties

Competitive    We continue to build our high We continue to implement
pressures      service proposition by adding strategic initiatives to build
increase       new technologies and a broad  customer loyalty and provide a
               range of products working     differentiated proposition for
               closely with suppliers as we  our customer base. Our
               provide end-to-end solutions  proposition is increasingly
               throughout their product      personalised to meet the needs of
               development process.          customers in targeted segments.

                                             Fragmentation of the marketplace
                                             allows us opportunities to win
                                             business and create further
                                             barriers to entry from smaller
                                             competitors.


Competitive    The Digital Advisory Board    Implementation of the global web
advantage in   includes external subject     platform will enable the Group to
the web        matter experts to provide     enhance its online proposition
channel is not advice and guidance to the    faster and more efficiently.
maintained     Board and eCommerce team.


Recruitment,   We actively measure the       We seek actively to engage
development or retention of talent within    employees by focusing on training
retention of   our organisation which        and development, customer
talented       enables us to track trends    relationships, leadership, social
people         and respond with the          responsibility and
               appropriate and necessary     communications.
               actions.

               Annual employee engagement
               surveys enable progress of
               our people actions to be
               monitored, areas of
               improvement identified and
               actions put in place.

               Reward schemes are
               continuously evaluated to
               drive and reward performance
               and ensure retention of key
               talent.


Data and       A dedicated data function has Continued investment in data and
content        been established to ensure    data management processes to
quality        compliance with internal      provide our customers with high
inhibit        processes and external        quality product information and
effectiveness  regulations.                  suppliers with rich insights into
of our                                       customer behaviour.
eCommerce      A data strategy and
strategy       governance framework has been
               developed to support the
               information requirements of
               our strategic programmes.


Insufficient   We have a fully integrated    By enhancing and better targeting
progress with  multichannel sales and        our offering, we can
improving      marketing plan aimed at       significantly improve operating
performance in addressing the needs of our   performance in North America by
North America  customers, including a focus  taking market share and
               on specific segmentation by   attracting customers to our
               type of customers and         online environment. A new
               vertical industries.          Business President has been
                                             appointed to lead the region and
                                             execute its strategy.


Failure to     Best practice and personnel   We continue to invest and effect
leverage the   leveraged from around the     structural growth in our key Asia
investment     Group to ensure delivery.     Pacific markets.
made in Asia
Pacific                                      Investments in global inventory
                                             and our proposition will
                                             significantly benefit our
                                             customers in Asia Pacific.


Significant    Business continuity plans are We continually improve workflows
failure or     kept under review for all our and operational efficiencies and
inefficiencies locations.                    provide increased capacity and
in our systems                               investment in capability.
and            Ongoing review of our IT
infrastructure infrastructure and conduct
               regular testing of our
               systems.


Legal and      We have exposure to a number  The increase in environmental
regulatory     of countries and their        legislation for electronics, such
risks          respective legal compliance   as the introduction of REACH,
               requirements are addressed    allows us to provide real value
               through a variety of          to our customers through our
               controls.                     legislative expertise.


Long term      Software and services is      Environmental and technology
evolution of   increasingly part of our      trends are sources of electronics
the electronic offering to product           innovation which underpin sales
 component     development customers.        to our product development
distribution                                 customers.
model          This increases the value that
               they extract from our         Through ongoing focus on reducing
               proposition while             the environmental impact of doing
               diversifying our business     business, we are introducing more
               model away from pure          efficient processes and can offer
               distribution.                 further complementary services to
                                             our customers.
               The Group takes actions to
               reduce the impact of its
               business on the environment
               through carbon emissions and
               by encouraging recycling,
               especially of packaging.

               Regional warehouse model
               reduces impact of carbon
               emissions compared to
               alternatives.


Article ID: 21691239 




















Premier Farnell - Wikipedia
























 





Premier Farnell 
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
 Jump to navigation
Jump to search


Premier Farnell Ltd
Type
SubsidiaryIndustry
ElectronicsFounded
1939Headquarters
Leeds, UKKey people
Chris Breslin, PresidentRevenue
£960.1 million (2015)[1]Operating income
£83.1 million (2015)[1]Net income
£47.5 million (2015)[1]Parent
AvnetWebsite
www.premierfarnell.com
Premier Farnell Ltd is a British distributor of technology products and solutions for electronic system design, maintenance and repair throughout Europe, North America and Asia Pacific with operations in 36 countries and trading in over 100.[2] On 17 October 2016, Avnet completed its  acquisition of Premier Farnell in a deal valued at approximately £691 million.[3]

Contents

1 History
2 Operations
3 Products
4 Awards
5 References
6 External links


History[edit]
The company was founded by Alan Farnell and Arthur Woffenden in 1939 in Leeds under the name of A.C. Farnell Limited.[4] It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1966.[4] The company was located next to the Wetherby railway station: as it grew it moved into larger offices on the town's Sandbeck Industrial Estate, and then in 1995, into offices in Armley.[5]
In 1995 it acquired Combined Precision Components.[6] As it focused on distribution, its manufacturing operations were sold the same year.[4] In 1996 it went on to buy the Premier Industrial Corporation, a leading United States distributor,[7] and in doing so changed its name to Premier Farnell.[4]
In 2001 Premier Farnell went on to acquire Buck & Hickman,[8] a company which it subsequently went on to sell in 2007.[9] Premier Farnell announced in 2006 the completed sale of Kent, its specialist automotive consumables business.[10]
The company underwent significant change in the mid-2000s, developing from a catalogues and trade counter business into an e-commerce operation, under the direction of Harriet Green, CEO, who joined the business in 2006.[11][12]
In 2007 the group launched its Greater China business, Premier Electronics, with the opening of a new warehouse and distribution centre in WaiGaoQiao.[13]
Towards the end of 2008 Premier Farnell began the closure of Cadillac Electric (part of the group's Industrial Products Division).[14] During the course of 2008 Premier Farnell also acquired Hynetic Electronics,[15] an Indian distributor, and in early 2009 Premier Farnell went on to acquire Microdis Electronics, an electronics distributor based in Poland.[16]
On 24 September 2009, it announced the acquisition of CadSoft Computer GmbH, developer of EAGLE electronic design automation software,[17] which it later sold in 2016.[18]
On 17 March 2016, Premier Farnell sold its Akron Brass subsidiary to IDEX Corporation for $224.2 million.[19]
On 17 October 2016, Avnet completed its  acquisition of Premier Farnell in a deal valued at approximately £691 million.[3]

Operations[edit]
 The Raspberry Pi single-board computer.
The Premier Farnell group trades globally under the following company names:[20]
element14 Group

Farnell element14 in the UK and Europe
Newark element14 in the United States, Canada and Mexico
element14 in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, China and Singapore
element14 community, an online information hub and forum for electrical engineers.
Non Core Brands

CPC in the UK
Shenzhen Embest Technology
MCM Electronics in the United States
AVID Technologies
Products[edit]
Premier Farnell stocks 600,000 products across its regional warehouses.[2] It also sells about half of the Raspberry Pi computers distributed worldwide.[21]

Awards[edit]
The group is part of the FTSE4Good Index of Corporate and Social Responsibility and is also a Gold status member participating in the Business in The Community (BiTC) Corporate Responsibility Index - a group of over 800 UK companies who are committed to having a positive impact on the environment and society. 2012.[22]

ECMOD Direct Commerce Award for the best online business B2B 2012 [23]
BiTC Corporate Responsibility Index – Platinum status 2012 [24]
Ethisphere Institute – Worlds Most Ethical Companies List 2012 [25]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Preliminary Results 2015" (PDF). Premier Farnell. Retrieved 1 April 2015. 

^ a b "Our Company -what we do". Premier Farnell. 2016. Retrieved 15 October 2016. 

^ a b "Avnet completes the acquisition of Premier Farnell PLC". Wall Street online. 17 October 2016. Retrieved 17 October 2016. 

^ a b c d "History". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Farnell: Armley office workers give school makeover". Yorkshire Evening Post. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Farnell Electronics". FT Business. 1995. Retrieved 10 October 2016. 

^ "pounds 1.9bn Premier buy to propel Farnell into Footsie". The Independent. 24 January 1996. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Buck & Hickman celebrate 180 years of success". Coventry Telegraph. 14 May 2010. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Engineering Products, Services & Suppliers | Source". Engineeringtalk.com. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell sells Kent auto business". EE Times. 20 July 2006. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Thomas Cook's Harriet Green: 'My challenge in life is achieving balance'". The Guardian. Retrieved 12 March 2015. 

^ "Harriet Green, CEO Premier Farnell awarded O.B.E for services to the electronics industry". Farnell UK. 2013. Retrieved 12 March 2015. 

^ "Premier Farnell Heads East With Launch of New Business in China". PR Newswire. 2007. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Michigan's Cadillac Electric Closes Doors". Electrical Wholesaling. 2008. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell Acquires Assets of Hynetic Electronics". Efytimes.com. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell buys part of Microdis Electronics". E-biz. 8 January 2009. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell buys design software firm CadSoft". Electronics Weekly. September 2009. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell Completes Sale Of Cadsoft To Autodesk". Morningstar. June 2016. Retrieved 8 October 2016. 

^ "IDEX Corporation Completes Acquisition of Akron Brass". IDEX Corporation. March 2016. Retrieved 15 October 2016. 

^ "What we do". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Raspberry Pi sales fail to turn around Premier Farnell's luck". 20 September 2013. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Profile". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "ECMOD Direct Commerce Award Winners". Direct Commerce. 28 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell retains Business in the Community Platinum status for third year running". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. 19 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell retains Business in the Community Platinum status for third year running | Europe, Miscellaneous, Miscellaneous, UK News". Electronics-sourcing.com. 19 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 


External links[edit]
Official website
Avnet website




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Premier_Farnell&oldid=854074389"					
Categories: Electronic component distributorsWholesalers of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonElectronics companies established in 19391939 establishments in the United KingdomWetherby2016 mergers and acquisitionsHidden categories: Use dmy dates from October 2016Use British English from October 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

ArticleTalk 




Variants









Views

ReadEditView history 



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 8 August 2018, at 19:57 (UTC).
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 



	Premier Farnell plc - With shifting demands and expectations, are today’s distributors fit for purpose?





































This website uses cookies primarily for visitor analytics. Certain pages will ask you to fill in contact details to receive additional information. On these pages you have the option of having the site log your details for future visits.  Indicating you want the site to remember your details will place a cookie on your device. To view our full cookie policy, please click here. You can also view it at any time by going to our Contact Us page.Close
























News

With shifting demands and expectations, are today’s distributors fit for purpose?Author : Ralf Buehler, Chief Sales & Marketing Officer for Premier Farnell17 August 2017Distributors play a vital role in keeping the electronics industry moving, providing essential supplies and support. Over the past five  years, engineers and businesses that rely on distributors have seen customer needs change radically – prompting shifts in buying behaviour that have resulted in a knock-on effect all the way up the supply chain and back again.This article originally appeared in the July 2017 issue of Electronic Product Design & Test; to view the digital edition, click here – and to register to receive your own printed copy, click here.Customers and buyers are more clued up than ever, and not afraid to shop around, and distributors face the challenge of meeting these changing needs. This article from Premier Farnell discusses how distributors have to adapt to best serve customer needs in a rapidly shifting competitive landscape.The rapid surge in connected devices and miniaturised wearables has driven growth in the burgeoning Internet of Things (IoT) sector, with professional makers at the cutting edge of this growth. IoT is one of the most exciting and accessible markets for electronics design engineers, opening up opportunities to bring new products to market and address a broader range of unique customer needs than ever before. In addition to traditional market entrants, who have experience in bringing products to market, there is now a new customer group: makers who may be bringing a product to market for the first time. Makers value support with volume production, which includes careful management of inventory and obsolescence (differentiating them from traditional hobbyists), and have a greater need for technical support.The challenge of going where no one has gone beforeThe rapid development of the IoT space, and growth in areas such as 3D printing and wearables, is driving designers of all experience levels to tackle new challenges as they enter new markets and apply technology in ways it has not been used before. This could mean negotiating compliance challenges within heavily regulated industries like healthcare and automotive, or developing deeper knowledge of existing technology as it is applied in novel and different ways, such as harsher environments or within flexible applications, like clothing.The pressure to keep up is keenly felt by design engineers and there is a growing trend to work with distributors that can support them right from the beginning with research and design expertise – as well as provide broad product portfolios, high volume distribution and supply chain support, logistics, finance and excellent customer service.In order to better service engineers, makers and hobbyists, distributors have focused attention on their web presence, to attract new customers as well as support existing ones. With the overwhelming majority of products now available online, distributor websites need to balance easy navigation and search functionality with deep technical information and support resources to retain customers and reach new audiences.Bearing all of these factors in mind, and the distinct, but overlapping, needs of the marketplace, is it possible for a distributor to keep all customers happy? Or, is it better to choose one target customer group and focus on them alone? A new breed of distributor2016 saw two of the world’s most well-known distributors join forces, when Avnet acquired Premier Farnell. The combination brings together two companies to create a unique technology distribution business that aims to better serve both professional design engineers and the maker and hobbyist markets. Premier Farnell specialises in helping customers move from product idea and design through to prototype and low volume manufacturing. Its customer base ranges from hobbyists through to design engineers and professional makers. As the leading manufacturer and distributor of Raspberry Pi, exclusive manufacturer of BBC micro:bit and an official manufacturer of BeagleBone Black, it manufactures many of the products it supplies.Avnet is a global high-volume-oriented franchise distributor with deep expertise in broadline distribution and world-class global logistics and supply chain management. Joining forces creates a new breed of distributor that offers better support at all stages of the product development process, from design through to volume manufacturing and product lifecycle management – providing a seamless service for all types of customers.Premier Farnell is experienced at working with customers from early stage design and helping them take their ideas to production – from initial support via 200 in-house design engineers to optimising the product for production and leveraging manufacturing capabilities, right through to ongoing test and maintenance via its bench-to-board offering. Now, as part of the Avnet family, it can draw on Avnet’s expertise in high volume production to support customers at every stage of their journey. The combination of Avnet and Premier Farnell is not about crunching together two businesses looking for opportunities to drive out costs, but looking for synergies that enable them to serve customers better and provide a truly holistic solution.The combination of Avnet and Premier Farnell aims to offer the heavyweight resources needed by large manufacturers, along with the finer touch to work with inventors, makers and design engineers to help them turn their ideas into prototypes. It’s the ability to engage with innovators at the earliest stages of product design and development that will fuel a new chapter of growth for the industry.Today’s customers demand the best of both worlds: to work with companies with the scale, size and global reach of a broadline business, while still offering the specialised capabilities to serve them through all stages of the product lifecycle. From assessing market needs and customer requirements, we believe that the combination of Premier Farnell and Avnet offers benefits to all its customers, regardless of their level of experience, turnover or geographical location – and sets the bar for distributors worldwide. Contact Details and Archive...
Premier Farnell plc
Print this page | E-mail this page
E-mail this pageYour name : Required!Recipient name : Required!Recipient e-mail : Required!Invalid!Enter the code shown : Invalid!








Related Articles






Popular articles



AI device identifies objects at the speed of light


Communications developer involved in Thai football team's rescue speaks out


Hyperion 1750 LED grow lighting for 29,000 metre squared greenhouse






Recent Videos



Tiny needles give defibrillators a big boost


Configuring your Vicor Brick converter


Introduction to Vicor’s AC Front End Module








Subscribe to our newsletter to receive our latest news
Signup
>




Register










© 2018 IML Group PLC. All rights reserved.
























Premier Farnell |



















































Skip to main content






Premier Farnell




























  
 Global reach with a presence in 36 countries

Find out where we operate
 



  
 Committed to developing the future

Find out more about joining Premier Farnell
 



  
 

Find out more about our role as the Development Distributor 
 








    35  





    33  





    38  






 




 







Home




 
Premier Farnell is a global technology leader with over 80 years in the high service distribution of technology products and solutions for electronic system design, production, maintenance and repair.
We use this experience to support our broad customer base, from hobbyists to engineers, maintenance engineers and buyers as ‘The Development Distributor’ – from our award winning element14.com community, to the support we give to leading brands and start-ups as they develop projects and new products for market – Premier Farnell is there to guide and support at every stage.
 








Our businesses

Find out more








News

NewsTwitter




Product News


  
Premier Farnell announces availability of Microchip SAM L10 and SAM L11 Evaluation Kits suitable for a range of IoT applications
14 Aug 2018 

Newark element14 Awards Dream Lab to Duke University to Address Changes in How Students Learn
13 Aug 2018 

Premier Farnell appoints Rob Rospedzihowski as Vice President, Sales, EMEA
13 Aug 2018 
 

View All

 




Tweets


  
 Ralf describes his #DIY Solar System built to generate 5 MWHrs per year at the lowest possible cost #Project14… https://t.co/fsKzAfkKEc        —   
   1 hour 21 min ago 

 "The set of  sensors is truly impressing especially microphone array and  35 LEDs ensure fabulous visualization!"… https://t.co/fqrqTBqWNX        —   
   4 hours 21 min ago 

 Find out who took home the awards in the 'Totally Screwed' and 'Bat Cave' categories from our Cool Tool Bench Award… https://t.co/YlYEvKeDrM        —   
   4 hours 26 min ago 

 Japanese Robot Mimics Human Movements in Real Time: https://t.co/sPVcecpawn https://t.co/NNgICdtWUe        —   
   5 hours 26 min ago 

 Child’s invention makes room for ocean cleanups: https://t.co/B7GftECt6h https://t.co/8ykDcyFFbL        —   
   1 day 56 min ago 
 


    View All  

 














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads

















































































































Skip to content










Sign upSign in


 















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Promote your business to millions of untapped customers searching on Bing. 












Enter your email address to get started


























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


† Offer Details: Offer expires September 30, 2018. Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied. Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted. See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply. Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search



Customers see your ad



Customers contact you












×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google Ads campaigns can't.

Reach 145 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 33.8% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 34% more than the average internet searcher.2













Get a boost with free insights
Download free insights to get the information you need to take your marketing skills to the next level.













Elevate your search marketing
Small business owners guide to search engine marketing

Click here to download






Making the case for Bing Ads
Bet on advertising with Microsoft for long term growth

Click here to download






The Art & Science of ad copy testing
Get more conversions with smarter ad copy

Click here to download





















We’re sorry!Something went wrong loading this part of the page. Try again in a little bit. That will give us some time to fix it.









please wait...




Thank you for downloading the @@title insight
You're on your way to taking your marketing to the next level.




There was a problem with the form
Well, this is awkward. Something went wrong with your form submission. Please contact support to resolve the issue.




Go ahead, download all three.
Now that you're registered with us, you can unlock even more great insights to take your marketing even further.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google Ads.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Discover more stories








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Discover more stories



 






 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Discover more stories









Import your Google Ads campaigns

Save time by importing your Google Ads campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google Ads option.


Enter your Google Ads credentials and select the campaign you want to import.









Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you



















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.














×
Request your coupon











Coupon code class


Required
First name

Last name

Email address


Website URL

Business phone

Country




(select country)
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Dem. Republic)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Island of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (Democratic Republic of)
Korea (Republic of)
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyz Republic
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldavia
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua-New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Re union
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
USA
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe












Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image








             











† Offer details

































Farnell element14 | Electronic Component Distributors

















1
2
3





Welcome to Farnell element14
Farnell element14 is a global high-service distributor of technology products, services and solutions for electronic system design, maintenance and repair.




Fast delivery on 500,000 products
Same day despatch.No minimum order value. 3,500 leading brands ready to ship to you.




Access the latest technology
We actively source innovative niche manufacturers as well as world class brands to provide you with choice and competitive advantages.






We believe you are in an export region


Go to the Export store




Select country or region from the list below:-


Europe & Africa

Austria (Deutsch) 
Belgium (Nederlands, français)
Bulgaria (Български)
Czech Republic (čeština)
Denmark (dansk)
Estonia (eesti keel)
Finland (suomi)
France (français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Hungary (magyar)
Ireland (English)
Israel  (English)
Italy (italiano)
Latvia (latviešu)
Lithuania (lietuvių k.)


Netherlands (Nederlands)
Norway (norsk)
Poland (polski)
Portugal (português)
Romania (Română)
Russia (русский)
Slovak Republic (slovenčina)
Slovenia (slovenščina)
South Africa (English)
Spain (español)
Sweden (svenska)
Switzerland (Deutsch, français)
Turkey (Türkçe)
United Kingdom (English)



Asia Pacific


Australia


China  (简体中文)



Hong Kong


India


Korea (한국어)



Malaysia


New Zealand


Philippines


Singapore


Taiwan (繁體中文)



Thailand (ไทย)





Americas


Brazil (Português)



Canada


Mexico (Español)



United States




Can't find the country you're looking for? Visit our Export Store or view local distributors Looking for our newest products? Click here!





Connect with Farnell element14…











Investor Information, Media Centre and Careers –Visit our corporate site  Premier Farnell








500+ manufacturers – from bench to board




















See All Manufacturers




Latest products at Farnell element14



 FSA Series Force Sensors, Compensated/Amplified 
  Honeywell  


 Stainless Steel Pushbutton Switches 
  Multicomp  


 TBF Series Basic Force Sensors, Compensated/Unamplified 
  Honeywell  


 Technology Demo Boards 
  Linear  


 Slim Safety Relays 
  Omron  


 Analog Discovery 2 
  Digilent  


 Aluminium Chassis & bottom plates 
  Hammond  


 Freedom Platform for Kinetis K66, K65, and K26 
  NXP  


 D2LS Ultra Subminiature Basic Switch 
  Omron  


 MSP430FR2633 - CapTIvate™ Touch Development Kit 
  Texas Instruments  


 180CPS & 181CPL Conductive Polymer Aluminium Capacitors 
  Vishay  


 SMD High Frequency Inductors 
  Würth Elektronik  


 UT0 Series - Robust Metal IP68 Interconnect solution 
  Souriau  


 Multi-Phase AC/DC Power Analyzer Model PA3000 
  Tektronix  


 PDB185-GTR - 17 mm Pro-Audio Potentiometer w/Latching-Push Switch 
  Bourns  


 Robust Axial Fans 
  EBM Papst  


 Freedom Platform for Kinetis KV3x - Motor Control 
  NXP  


 Heat-Dissipating Extruded Aluminium Enclosures 
  Hammond  


 LT6375 - ±270V Common Mode Voltage Difference Amplifier 
  Linear  


 High-Efficiency, DC-DC Step-Down Power Module with Integrated Inductor 
  Maxim  


 Sealed MIL-DTL-24308 AMPLIMITE D-Subminiature Connectors 
  TE Connectivity  


 EVAL-ADICUP360 Development Platform 
  Analog Devices  


 FT90x Series 32 bit High Performance RISC MCU 
  FTDI  


 LED Testing Tweezers 
  Ideal-Tek  


 SAM E70 Xplained Evaluation kit 
  Atmel  


 Emmi-05P Ultrasonic Cleaner 
  EMAG  


 High current automotive fuses 
  Littelfuse  


 Digital Temperature Controller E5xC series 
  Omron  


 CM25 Pneumatic Crimping Machines 
  Rennsteig  


 AECQ High Reliability SiC Schottky Diodes 
  ROHM  


 LMK61xxx Ultra Low Jitter Differential Oscillator family 
  Texas Instruments  


 High Power, Low Value Power Metal Strip Resistors 
  Vishay  


 Voltage output current shunt monitors 
  On Semiconductor  


 Modular 19" CamRack-LX 600 series 
  Camden Boss  


 XMC Digital Power Explorer Kit 
  Infineon  


 MX-5210 Promotional Bundle 
  Metcal  


 POSCAP TC Series Polymer Capacitors 
  Panasonic  










Partner Sites
element14 Community
element14 (APAC)
CPC
Newark element14
MCM


A Premier Farnell Company

























Premier Farnell - Wikipedia
























 





Premier Farnell 
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
 Jump to navigation
Jump to search


Premier Farnell Ltd
Type
SubsidiaryIndustry
ElectronicsFounded
1939Headquarters
Leeds, UKKey people
Chris Breslin, PresidentRevenue
£960.1 million (2015)[1]Operating income
£83.1 million (2015)[1]Net income
£47.5 million (2015)[1]Parent
AvnetWebsite
www.premierfarnell.com
Premier Farnell Ltd is a British distributor of technology products and solutions for electronic system design, maintenance and repair throughout Europe, North America and Asia Pacific with operations in 36 countries and trading in over 100.[2] On 17 October 2016, Avnet completed its  acquisition of Premier Farnell in a deal valued at approximately £691 million.[3]

Contents

1 History
2 Operations
3 Products
4 Awards
5 References
6 External links


History[edit]
The company was founded by Alan Farnell and Arthur Woffenden in 1939 in Leeds under the name of A.C. Farnell Limited.[4] It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1966.[4] The company was located next to the Wetherby railway station: as it grew it moved into larger offices on the town's Sandbeck Industrial Estate, and then in 1995, into offices in Armley.[5]
In 1995 it acquired Combined Precision Components.[6] As it focused on distribution, its manufacturing operations were sold the same year.[4] In 1996 it went on to buy the Premier Industrial Corporation, a leading United States distributor,[7] and in doing so changed its name to Premier Farnell.[4]
In 2001 Premier Farnell went on to acquire Buck & Hickman,[8] a company which it subsequently went on to sell in 2007.[9] Premier Farnell announced in 2006 the completed sale of Kent, its specialist automotive consumables business.[10]
The company underwent significant change in the mid-2000s, developing from a catalogues and trade counter business into an e-commerce operation, under the direction of Harriet Green, CEO, who joined the business in 2006.[11][12]
In 2007 the group launched its Greater China business, Premier Electronics, with the opening of a new warehouse and distribution centre in WaiGaoQiao.[13]
Towards the end of 2008 Premier Farnell began the closure of Cadillac Electric (part of the group's Industrial Products Division).[14] During the course of 2008 Premier Farnell also acquired Hynetic Electronics,[15] an Indian distributor, and in early 2009 Premier Farnell went on to acquire Microdis Electronics, an electronics distributor based in Poland.[16]
On 24 September 2009, it announced the acquisition of CadSoft Computer GmbH, developer of EAGLE electronic design automation software,[17] which it later sold in 2016.[18]
On 17 March 2016, Premier Farnell sold its Akron Brass subsidiary to IDEX Corporation for $224.2 million.[19]
On 17 October 2016, Avnet completed its  acquisition of Premier Farnell in a deal valued at approximately £691 million.[3]

Operations[edit]
 The Raspberry Pi single-board computer.
The Premier Farnell group trades globally under the following company names:[20]
element14 Group

Farnell element14 in the UK and Europe
Newark element14 in the United States, Canada and Mexico
element14 in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, China and Singapore
element14 community, an online information hub and forum for electrical engineers.
Non Core Brands

CPC in the UK
Shenzhen Embest Technology
MCM Electronics in the United States
AVID Technologies
Products[edit]
Premier Farnell stocks 600,000 products across its regional warehouses.[2] It also sells about half of the Raspberry Pi computers distributed worldwide.[21]

Awards[edit]
The group is part of the FTSE4Good Index of Corporate and Social Responsibility and is also a Gold status member participating in the Business in The Community (BiTC) Corporate Responsibility Index - a group of over 800 UK companies who are committed to having a positive impact on the environment and society. 2012.[22]

ECMOD Direct Commerce Award for the best online business B2B 2012 [23]
BiTC Corporate Responsibility Index – Platinum status 2012 [24]
Ethisphere Institute – Worlds Most Ethical Companies List 2012 [25]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Preliminary Results 2015" (PDF). Premier Farnell. Retrieved 1 April 2015. 

^ a b "Our Company -what we do". Premier Farnell. 2016. Retrieved 15 October 2016. 

^ a b "Avnet completes the acquisition of Premier Farnell PLC". Wall Street online. 17 October 2016. Retrieved 17 October 2016. 

^ a b c d "History". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Farnell: Armley office workers give school makeover". Yorkshire Evening Post. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Farnell Electronics". FT Business. 1995. Retrieved 10 October 2016. 

^ "pounds 1.9bn Premier buy to propel Farnell into Footsie". The Independent. 24 January 1996. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Buck & Hickman celebrate 180 years of success". Coventry Telegraph. 14 May 2010. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Engineering Products, Services & Suppliers | Source". Engineeringtalk.com. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell sells Kent auto business". EE Times. 20 July 2006. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Thomas Cook's Harriet Green: 'My challenge in life is achieving balance'". The Guardian. Retrieved 12 March 2015. 

^ "Harriet Green, CEO Premier Farnell awarded O.B.E for services to the electronics industry". Farnell UK. 2013. Retrieved 12 March 2015. 

^ "Premier Farnell Heads East With Launch of New Business in China". PR Newswire. 2007. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Michigan's Cadillac Electric Closes Doors". Electrical Wholesaling. 2008. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell Acquires Assets of Hynetic Electronics". Efytimes.com. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell buys part of Microdis Electronics". E-biz. 8 January 2009. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell buys design software firm CadSoft". Electronics Weekly. September 2009. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell Completes Sale Of Cadsoft To Autodesk". Morningstar. June 2016. Retrieved 8 October 2016. 

^ "IDEX Corporation Completes Acquisition of Akron Brass". IDEX Corporation. March 2016. Retrieved 15 October 2016. 

^ "What we do". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Raspberry Pi sales fail to turn around Premier Farnell's luck". 20 September 2013. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Profile". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "ECMOD Direct Commerce Award Winners". Direct Commerce. 28 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell retains Business in the Community Platinum status for third year running". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. 19 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell retains Business in the Community Platinum status for third year running | Europe, Miscellaneous, Miscellaneous, UK News". Electronics-sourcing.com. 19 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 


External links[edit]
Official website
Avnet website




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Premier_Farnell&oldid=854074389"					
Categories: Electronic component distributorsWholesalers of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonElectronics companies established in 19391939 establishments in the United KingdomWetherby2016 mergers and acquisitionsHidden categories: Use dmy dates from October 2016Use British English from October 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

ArticleTalk 




Variants









Views

ReadEditView history 



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 8 August 2018, at 19:57 (UTC).
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Premier Farnell - Wikipedia
























 





Premier Farnell 
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
 Jump to navigation
Jump to search


Premier Farnell Ltd
Type
SubsidiaryIndustry
ElectronicsFounded
1939Headquarters
Leeds, UKKey people
Chris Breslin, PresidentRevenue
£960.1 million (2015)[1]Operating income
£83.1 million (2015)[1]Net income
£47.5 million (2015)[1]Parent
AvnetWebsite
www.premierfarnell.com
Premier Farnell Ltd is a British distributor of technology products and solutions for electronic system design, maintenance and repair throughout Europe, North America and Asia Pacific with operations in 36 countries and trading in over 100.[2] On 17 October 2016, Avnet completed its  acquisition of Premier Farnell in a deal valued at approximately £691 million.[3]

Contents

1 History
2 Operations
3 Products
4 Awards
5 References
6 External links


History[edit]
The company was founded by Alan Farnell and Arthur Woffenden in 1939 in Leeds under the name of A.C. Farnell Limited.[4] It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1966.[4] The company was located next to the Wetherby railway station: as it grew it moved into larger offices on the town's Sandbeck Industrial Estate, and then in 1995, into offices in Armley.[5]
In 1995 it acquired Combined Precision Components.[6] As it focused on distribution, its manufacturing operations were sold the same year.[4] In 1996 it went on to buy the Premier Industrial Corporation, a leading United States distributor,[7] and in doing so changed its name to Premier Farnell.[4]
In 2001 Premier Farnell went on to acquire Buck & Hickman,[8] a company which it subsequently went on to sell in 2007.[9] Premier Farnell announced in 2006 the completed sale of Kent, its specialist automotive consumables business.[10]
The company underwent significant change in the mid-2000s, developing from a catalogues and trade counter business into an e-commerce operation, under the direction of Harriet Green, CEO, who joined the business in 2006.[11][12]
In 2007 the group launched its Greater China business, Premier Electronics, with the opening of a new warehouse and distribution centre in WaiGaoQiao.[13]
Towards the end of 2008 Premier Farnell began the closure of Cadillac Electric (part of the group's Industrial Products Division).[14] During the course of 2008 Premier Farnell also acquired Hynetic Electronics,[15] an Indian distributor, and in early 2009 Premier Farnell went on to acquire Microdis Electronics, an electronics distributor based in Poland.[16]
On 24 September 2009, it announced the acquisition of CadSoft Computer GmbH, developer of EAGLE electronic design automation software,[17] which it later sold in 2016.[18]
On 17 March 2016, Premier Farnell sold its Akron Brass subsidiary to IDEX Corporation for $224.2 million.[19]
On 17 October 2016, Avnet completed its  acquisition of Premier Farnell in a deal valued at approximately £691 million.[3]

Operations[edit]
 The Raspberry Pi single-board computer.
The Premier Farnell group trades globally under the following company names:[20]
element14 Group

Farnell element14 in the UK and Europe
Newark element14 in the United States, Canada and Mexico
element14 in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, China and Singapore
element14 community, an online information hub and forum for electrical engineers.
Non Core Brands

CPC in the UK
Shenzhen Embest Technology
MCM Electronics in the United States
AVID Technologies
Products[edit]
Premier Farnell stocks 600,000 products across its regional warehouses.[2] It also sells about half of the Raspberry Pi computers distributed worldwide.[21]

Awards[edit]
The group is part of the FTSE4Good Index of Corporate and Social Responsibility and is also a Gold status member participating in the Business in The Community (BiTC) Corporate Responsibility Index - a group of over 800 UK companies who are committed to having a positive impact on the environment and society. 2012.[22]

ECMOD Direct Commerce Award for the best online business B2B 2012 [23]
BiTC Corporate Responsibility Index – Platinum status 2012 [24]
Ethisphere Institute – Worlds Most Ethical Companies List 2012 [25]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Preliminary Results 2015" (PDF). Premier Farnell. Retrieved 1 April 2015. 

^ a b "Our Company -what we do". Premier Farnell. 2016. Retrieved 15 October 2016. 

^ a b "Avnet completes the acquisition of Premier Farnell PLC". Wall Street online. 17 October 2016. Retrieved 17 October 2016. 

^ a b c d "History". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Farnell: Armley office workers give school makeover". Yorkshire Evening Post. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Farnell Electronics". FT Business. 1995. Retrieved 10 October 2016. 

^ "pounds 1.9bn Premier buy to propel Farnell into Footsie". The Independent. 24 January 1996. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Buck & Hickman celebrate 180 years of success". Coventry Telegraph. 14 May 2010. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Engineering Products, Services & Suppliers | Source". Engineeringtalk.com. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell sells Kent auto business". EE Times. 20 July 2006. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Thomas Cook's Harriet Green: 'My challenge in life is achieving balance'". The Guardian. Retrieved 12 March 2015. 

^ "Harriet Green, CEO Premier Farnell awarded O.B.E for services to the electronics industry". Farnell UK. 2013. Retrieved 12 March 2015. 

^ "Premier Farnell Heads East With Launch of New Business in China". PR Newswire. 2007. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Michigan's Cadillac Electric Closes Doors". Electrical Wholesaling. 2008. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell Acquires Assets of Hynetic Electronics". Efytimes.com. 5 February 2008. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell buys part of Microdis Electronics". E-biz. 8 January 2009. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell buys design software firm CadSoft". Electronics Weekly. September 2009. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell Completes Sale Of Cadsoft To Autodesk". Morningstar. June 2016. Retrieved 8 October 2016. 

^ "IDEX Corporation Completes Acquisition of Akron Brass". IDEX Corporation. March 2016. Retrieved 15 October 2016. 

^ "What we do". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Raspberry Pi sales fail to turn around Premier Farnell's luck". 20 September 2013. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Profile". Premier Farnell. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "ECMOD Direct Commerce Award Winners". Direct Commerce. 28 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell retains Business in the Community Platinum status for third year running". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. 19 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 

^ "Premier Farnell retains Business in the Community Platinum status for third year running | Europe, Miscellaneous, Miscellaneous, UK News". Electronics-sourcing.com. 19 March 2012. Retrieved 23 March 2014. 


External links[edit]
Official website
Avnet website




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Premier_Farnell&oldid=854074389"					
Categories: Electronic component distributorsWholesalers of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonElectronics companies established in 19391939 establishments in the United KingdomWetherby2016 mergers and acquisitionsHidden categories: Use dmy dates from October 2016Use British English from October 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

ArticleTalk 




Variants









Views

ReadEditView history 



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 8 August 2018, at 19:57 (UTC).
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






