



Corporate Data | Vitec Holdings Co.,Ltd.
























Providing semiconductors and electronic components for continuous growth as the leading general electronics trading company.















Contact Us
Site Map
日本語
English
中文
한국어





Corporate Data
Product & Service
Investor Relations
Environment and Quality




HOME>

Corporate Data










We are helping improve the quality of life and enabling people to realize their dreams by providing added-value information, technology and services in the electronics field.
Based on a partnership with a number of domestic and overseas manufacturers, Vitec group has contributed to the realization of superior products in a variety of fields.
As symbolized by the name of our company (Value Integrated Technology), we will continue working hard and drawing upon the full capabilities of our entire group to meet and exceed the expectations and diverse needs of our customers as a comprehensive electronics trading company. This will be made possible by utilizing the superior abilities of our personnel to provide high added-value information services.









VITEC GLOBAL ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
VITEC GREEN ENERGY CO., LTD.
VITEC SOLAR ENERGY CO., LTD.
PTT CO., LTD.








Vitec Code of Conduct
Environment and Quality









Corporate Profile
Corporate History
On Vitec Group
Offices/Affiliated Companies
Corporate Social Responsibility



To view a PDF file, you need to have Adobe Acrobat installed.
Download a free copy of Adobe Acrobat Reader.







Page Top




Site Policy | 
Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2015 VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. All Rights Reserved.












株式会社バイテックホールディングス - VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. -

























株式会社バイテックホールディングスはデバイスビジネスと環境エネルギービジネスで未来を創造します。















お問い合わせ
サイトマップ
日本語
English
中文
한국어





企業情報
製品・サービス
IR情報
採用情報
環境・品質向上への取り組み
















過去の一覧へ製品ニュースへ




2018年8月8日
   
                    2019年3月期第1四半期決算短信
 
                    配当方針の変更及び配当予想の修正に関するお知らせ 
 
                    2019年3月期第1四半期決算説明資料

2018年8月2日
植物工場出荷式典開催（石川県 
                  中能登工場）のお知らせ


2018年7月18日
植物工場における国際認証GLOBAL 
                  G.A.P取得のお知らせ

2018年7月6日
バイテックグローバルエレクトロニクスとグローバルモビリティサービスASEANエリアでのサービス供給体制の強化に向け資本業務提携を締結

2018年6月27日
 PCI 
                ホールディングス株式会社との資本業務提携並びにバイテックシステムエンジニアリング株式会社の株式譲渡に関するお知らせ（開示事項の経過）
2018年6月26日
 
                2018年3月期　有価証券報告書
2018年6月25日
 
                第31回定時株主総会決議ご通知 バイテックレポート第31期報告書

2018年6月8日
 
                第31回定時株主総会招集ご通知 第31回定時株主総会招集ご通知に際してのインターネット開示情報


2018年5月25日
 2018年3月期　
                  決算説明資料


2018年5月24日
 
                  PCIホールディングス株式会社との資本業務提携並びに
                  バイテックシステムエンジニアリング株式会社の株式譲渡に向けた
                  協議開始に関する基本合意締結のお知らせ  役員人事に関するお知らせ


2018年5月14日
 2018年3月期　
                決算短信
2018年2月26日
 植物工場の大展開を図る成長戦略
新中期経営計画
配当予想の修正 
                （特別配当 の実施）に関するお知らせ 昨日の一部報道について


2018年2月15日
 鹿児島県薩摩川内にて植物工場出荷セレモニー開催のお知らせ



2018年2月7日
 2018年3月期第3四半期決算短信



2018年2月2日
 営農型太陽光発電所第1号機運転開始のお知らせ
                  （バイテック登米太陽光発電所） 


2018年1月24日
 小型風力発電 
                  1 号機稼働のお知らせ（北海道天塩郡遠別町） 


2017年11月7日
 
                  2018年3月期第2四半期決算短信 業績予想の修正に関するお知らせ



2017年10月23日
当社グループ冠スポンサーによるデリシャススマイル杯開催のお知らせ
開催ポスター



2017年10月18日
バイテックグループ、JIG-SAWグループがインダストリアルIoT分野で業務提携



2017年10月13日
第2号植物工場（石川県七尾市）出荷式典開催のお知らせ



2017年8月28日
子会社役員人事に関するお知らせ



2017年8月7日
   
                    2018年3月期第1四半期決算短信
 
                    2018年3月期第2四半期（累計）連結業績予想の修正に関するお知らせ 


2017年8月4日
   
                    六戸ソーラーパーク（特別高圧）運転開始に関するお知らせ 


2017年6月14日
   
                    中計経営方針説明会資料を掲載しました 



























PDF形式のファイルをご覧になるには、Adobe Readerが必要です。
Adobe Reader（無料）をダウンロード









サイトポリシー | 
プライバシーポリシー

Copyright © 2015 VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. All Rights Reserved.　無断転載不可











Vitec Holdings Co.,Ltd.






















Providing semiconductors and electronic components for continuous growth as the leading general electronics trading company.















Contact Us
Site Map
日本語
English
中文
한국어





Corporate Data
Product & Service
Investor Relations
Environment and Quality






Corporate Data



Creating a brighter future through Device Business Group and Environmental Energy Business Group
The Vitec Group is redefining itself by evolving from a semiconductor trading company into a value creating trading company that offers new value as a business coordinator in commodities, technology and information. While contributing to the advancement of society, our management philosophy is to leverage the Device Business Group and Environmental Energy Business Group in a way that builds a brighter future for the global environment while working toward more affluence in people’s lifestyles.





































Site Policy | 
Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2015 VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. All Rights Reserved.












VITEC GLOBAL ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. | Corporate Data | Vitec Holdings Co.,Ltd.
























Providing semiconductors and electronic components for continuous growth as the leading general electronics trading company.















Contact Us
Site Map
日本語
English
中文
한국어





Corporate Data
Product & Service
Investor Relations
Environment and Quality




HOME>

Corporate Data>
VITEC GLOBAL ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.







VITEC GLOBAL ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.


We offers a broad lineup of products that address various customer needs. We thus handle a wide variety of semiconductor products, electronic devices and measurement instruments selected from around the world.
Going beyond simple product introductions, our mission is to fulfill all the needs of our customers, whether they are for solutions, technological development support, or ODM. As a total business coordinator, We aims to create new businesses and schemes with the aim of developing high-value-added businesses.
The products that we handle are used in a diverse range of industries, from consumer electronics to automobiles, and industrial machinery to infrastructure. We are also keen on entering promising growth fields such as IoT(Internet of Things) Business. We will strive to strengthen our business relationships with affiliates and partners inside and outside Japan, enhance local businesses in Asia, Europe and the U.S. and build overseas business on a Group-wide basis.







Established
May 1st, 2015


Address
2-32-3 Kita-shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo


Capital
310 million yen(100% owned by VITEC HOLDINGS CO., LTD.)


Member of the Board
 
President
Kunihiro Konno
Senior Vice President
Toshiyuki Suzuki
Senior Vice President
Osamu Komaki
Senior Vice President
Young-Youb Kim
Senior Vice President
Eiji Toge
Senior Vice President
Yasuaki Mikame
Senior Vice President
Tomoya Aoki
Senior Vice President
Koichi Koizumi
Auditor
Masanobu Seiki
Auditor
Kazuo Takimoto










Corporate Profile
Corporate History
On Vitec Group

VITEC GLOBAL ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
VITEC GREEN ENERGY CO., LTD.
VITEC SOLAR ENERGY CO., LTD.
PTT CO., LTD.

Offices/Affiliated Companies
Corporate Social Responsibility



To view a PDF file, you need to have Adobe Acrobat installed.
Download a free copy of Adobe Acrobat Reader.







Page Top




Site Policy | 
Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2015 VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. All Rights Reserved.










Solutions and Support Business | Product Information | Vitec Holdings Co.,Ltd.




















Providing semiconductors and electronic components for continuous growth as the leading general electronics trading company.















Contact Us
Site Map
日本語
English
中文
한국어





Corporate Data
Product & Service
Investor Relations
Environment and Quality




HOME>
Product Information>
Solutions and Support Business







In the Solutions and Support Business, Vitec is working diligently to further strengthen its sales and marketing activities while maintaining a keen eye on the trends of each era and market. In our ODM/OEM (design and manufacturing contract) activities, we are focusing mainly on TV board, BMS and other modules as well as finished products (in-vehicle, digital broadcasting-related, environmental, digital camera and other products) that offer new and additional value.
          In addition, we put forward optimal solutions in such areas as technical support (software/IP), contract purchasing and logistics that accurately address the needs of customers.







Inquiries

          For inquiries relating to the Technology Proposal-Based Business please contact the following:
          1st Sales Division, Sales Department1
          Vitec Co., Ltd.
          TEL.: +81-3-3458-4616
          E-MAIL: info@vitec.co.jp





Semiconductors
Electronic parts / Display Products
Module and Board
Measuring Equipments
Solutions and Support
Environmental Energy
Mega Solar Power
Procurement Agency



To view a PDF file, you need to have Adobe Acrobat installed.
Download a free copy of Adobe Acrobat Reader.







Page Top




Site Policy | 
Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2015 VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. All Rights Reserved.











Product Infomation | Vitec Holdings Co., Ltd.























Providing semiconductors and electronic components for continuous growth as the leading general electronics trading company.















Contact Us
Site Map
日本語
English
中文
한국어





Coporate Data
Product & Service
Investor Relations
Environment and Quality



HOME>
Product Information








Device Business (Vitec Global Electronics Co., Ltd.)
■Product introduction














■Related Services





Environmental energy business (Vitec Green Energy Co., Ltd.)





Mega solar power business (Vitec Solar Energy Co., Ltd.)





Procurement agency business (PTT Co., Ltd.)










Semiconductors


Electronic parts / Display Products


Module and Board


Measuring Equipments


Solutions and Support


Environmental Energy


Mega Solar Power


Procurement Agency




To view a PDF file, you need to have Adobe Acrobat installed.
Download a free copy of Adobe Acrobat Reader.






Page Top




Site Policy  | 
 Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2015 VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. All Rights Reserved.








Semiconductors | Product Infomation | Vitec Holdings Co., Ltd.























Providing semiconductors and electronic components for continuous growth as the leading general electronics trading company.















Contact Us
Site Map
日本語
English
中文
한국어





Coporate Data
Product & Service
Investor Relations
Environment and Quality



HOME>
Product Infomation>
Semiconductors









 ・ACT・LSI INC.
・Amazing Microelectronic  Corp.
・CerebrEX Inc.
・Conexant Systems Inc.
・Dialog Semiconductor PLC
・Elmos Semiconductor AG
・Fidelix Inc.
・Fingerprints Cards AB
・Integrated Memory Logic, Ltd.
・Intel Corporation
・Jeju Semiconductor
・Lime Microsystems
・NXP Semiconductors N.V.
・Richtek Technology  Corporation
・Samsung Electronics  Co.,Ltd.
・Siano Mobile Silicon
・Silicon Line GmbH
・SK hynix Inc.
・Sony Corporation
・STMicroelectronics N.V.
・StepTechnica Co., Ltd.
・Touchence Inc.

・Valens semiconductor Ltd.　

 





Semiconductors


Electronic parts / Display Products


Module and Board


Measuring Equipments


Solutions and Support


Environmental Energy


Mega Solar Power


Procurement Agency




To view a PDF file, you need to have Adobe Acrobat installed.
Download a free copy of Adobe Acrobat Reader.






Page Top




Site Policy  | 
 Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2015 VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. All Rights Reserved.






Vitec Holdings Co Ltd (9957.T)  Company Profile | Reuters.com
































































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Vitec Holdings Co Ltd (9957.T)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductors












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				9957.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				2,078JPY
1:34am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥-11


					            (-0.53%)
					        






Prev Close

¥2,089


Open

¥2,109




Day's High

¥2,109


Day's Low

¥2,051




Volume

33,300


Avg. Vol

85,687




52-wk High

¥2,723


52-wk Low

¥1,538












					Full Description



		VITEC HOLDINGS CO., LTD., formerly VITEC CO., LTD., is a Japan-based company mainly engaged in the sale of semiconductors and electronic components. The Company has two business segments. The Device segment is engaged in the provision of various semiconductor products, devices, fluorine chemical products, electrode materials and measuring equipment, among others. This segment is also engages in the provision of solution proposal, technology development support, logistic and other businesses. The Environment and Energy segment is engaged in the new power businesses, including the planning and design, construction, operation and maintenance of mega solar power generation facilities, as well as power trading. This segment also manufactures and sells solar modules.
» Full Overview of 9957.T







					Company Address



Vitec Holdings Co Ltd
3-6-5, Higashi-ShinagawaSHINAGAWA-KU   TKY   140-0002
P: +813.34584611F: +813.34584680







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Kunihiro Konno

--




							 Yoshimi Harada

--




							 Osamu Komaki

--




							 Shigeo Misaka

--




							 Shoji Matsumoto

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Vitec Holdings Co Ltd News




» More 9957.T  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductors
























	VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD. - 財經百科 - 財經知識庫 - MoneyDJ理財網








































































首頁◆新聞◆Focus◆台股◆美股◆新VIP◆選股◆基金◆ETF◆自主理財◆iQuote◆討論區◆知識庫◆財經台◆櫃檯◆XQ◆  更多  金融 理財 多空 人民幣 報稅   未上市 書城 權證 港股    






                                2018/8/14
                            

加入會員|
                                +粉絲團|
                                 













設為首頁|手機版











首頁

新聞

研究報告

討論區

部落格

財經百科

書籤

好文分享





全部
研究報告
新聞
部落格
財經百科
書籤
好文分享










































MoneyDJ理財網財經知識庫財經百科首頁熱門詞條百科內文




收藏 | 
    

主題 | 
    



編輯



                DJ財經百科提供一個由使用者編輯財經條目的園地，只要是網站會員都可以對條目進行編輯，任何修改都會得到完整的記錄。以上資料由網友提供，僅供參考，公司資訊實際以公開說明書為主。
            














VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD.



回應(0)
人氣(3256) 
收藏(0)





小可~

管理者
    





訊息





名片











VITEC HOLDINGS CO.,LTD.(9957)前稱為Vitec Co., Ltd.，主要從事半導體及電子零組件等的銷售。是日本獨家代理Sony、Hynix和Philips半導體及電子零件，產品應用在個人電腦、手機、數位相機、投影機及播放機。創立於1987年，總部設在東京。







































分類主題：
        IC零組件通路商‧VITEC HOLDINGS‧日股‧MEMS




相關百科





















































搜 尋


條目：


    編者：






























 























MoneyDJ理財網財經知識庫基金頻道iQuoteETF頻道美股頻道報稅頻道資訊新聞台股美股港股基金興櫃報稅金融專題報導　個人理財ETF書城部落格iQuote熱門產業討論區　　多空訊號　財經台　學習技術學院經濟學院選股學院會員中心加入會員查詢密碼個人存摺購物理財商品手機版+粉絲團分類研究報告新聞|討論區部落格財經百科書籤好文分享講堂股票市場市場動態個股情報產業分析國家動態熱門產業總體經濟財經基金新聞　研究報告國際金融　交叉匯率　投資聚光燈　資訊國內基金　海外基金　搜尋 國內|海外進階搜尋區域搜尋商品搜尋　排名 公會排名週轉率排名FundDJ排名基金評等基金龍虎榜　四四三三趨勢軌跡工具 投資建議投資藏寶圖基金速配景氣循環圖計算器　走勢分析多空瞭望銀行匯率市場動態基金總覽基金新聞市場觀點討論區ETF介紹ETF發行公司ETF基本資料ETF資金流向ETF投資策略ETF相關分析ETF搜尋區域|類型進階|指數ETF排名漲幅|跌幅規模|成交量點閱人氣排行ETF工具ETF大車拼ETF成本評比ETF主題投資個股資料基本資料行情報價基本分析排行漲幅排行跌幅排行超買排行超賣排行成交量排行點擊排行查詢次數排行工具ADR套利選股工具行事曆各類股績效表現新手上路報稅新訊報稅流程　報稅方式DIY報稅　繳稅、報稅聰明節稅投資報稅基金|不動產外匯|黃金　證所稅海外所得　分離課稅　投資型保單報稅論壇
關於MoneyDJ | 網站地圖 | 刊登廣告 | 新手上路 | 常見問題 | 會員中心 | 聯絡我們 | 徵才 | Back To Top版權所有嘉實資訊股份有限公司，未經合法授權請勿翻載。與本網站有關一切糾紛與法律問題，均依中華民國相關法令解釋及適用之。嘉實資訊客服電話：0800-006-098。 嘉實資訊客服信箱：econsult@moneydj.com 。 最佳瀏覽模式：解析度1024*768以上；瀏覽器建議使用 IE9.0以上。本站內容僅供參考，本公司不負任何法律責任，投資人若依此以為買賣依據，須自負盈虧之責。













Terms of Service Violation






Terms of Service Violation
Your usage has been flagged as a violation of our terms of service.
    

        For inquiries related to this message please contact support.
        For sales
        inquiries, please visit http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/request-demo


        If you believe this to be in error, please confirm below that you are not a robot by clicking "I'm not a robot"
        below.



Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and
        that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review the Terms of Service and Cookie
        Policy.

Block reference ID: 






	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads

















































































































Skip to content










Sign upSign in


 















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Promote your business to millions of untapped customers searching on Bing. 












Enter your email address to get started


























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


† Offer Details: Offer expires September 30, 2018. Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied. Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted. See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply. Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search



Customers see your ad



Customers contact you












×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google Ads campaigns can't.

Reach 145 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 33.8% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 34% more than the average internet searcher.2













Get a boost with free insights
Download free insights to get the information you need to take your marketing skills to the next level.













Elevate your search marketing
Small business owners guide to search engine marketing

Click here to download






Making the case for Bing Ads
Bet on advertising with Microsoft for long term growth

Click here to download






The Art & Science of ad copy testing
Get more conversions with smarter ad copy

Click here to download





















We’re sorry!Something went wrong loading this part of the page. Try again in a little bit. That will give us some time to fix it.









please wait...




Thank you for downloading the @@title insight
You're on your way to taking your marketing to the next level.




There was a problem with the form
Well, this is awkward. Something went wrong with your form submission. Please contact support to resolve the issue.




Go ahead, download all three.
Now that you're registered with us, you can unlock even more great insights to take your marketing even further.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google Ads.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Discover more stories








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Discover more stories



 






 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Discover more stories









Import your Google Ads campaigns

Save time by importing your Google Ads campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google Ads option.


Enter your Google Ads credentials and select the campaign you want to import.









Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you



















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.














×
Request your coupon











Coupon code class


Required
First name

Last name

Email address


Website URL

Business phone

Country




(select country)
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Dem. Republic)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Island of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (Democratic Republic of)
Korea (Republic of)
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyz Republic
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldavia
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua-New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Re union
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
USA
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe












Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image








             











† Offer details





























