
Yleiselektroniikka Oyj (YLEPS.HE)  Company Profile | Reuters.com
































































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Yleiselektroniikka Oyj (YLEPS.HE)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				YLEPS.HE on Helsinki Stock Exchange


				8.30EUR
13 Aug 2018





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

€8.30


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

1,039




52-wk High

€9.80


52-wk Low

€7.80












					Full Description



		Yleiselektroniikka Oyj is a Finland-based company engaged in the marketing and sale of electronics and electrical engineering components, measuring instruments and tools. Its product portfolio includes mainly batteries, cables and cable products, connectors, cooling products, enclosures, crystals and oscillators. The Company also offers design, stocking, technical support and consultancy services, and sells its products through retail outlets and a mail order catalog service. The Company markets electronic components and tools in Finland, Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic markets. In Finland, the Company’s main office, warehouse and shop are located in Espoo, near Helsinki, in addition to a sales office in Tampere, middle Finland. It also has sales offices in Moscow, St Petersburg, Samara and Yekaterinburg, Russia; in Kiev, Ukraine; in Tallinn and Tarto, Estonia; in Riga, Latvia, and in Vilnius, Lithuania.
» Full Overview of YLEPS.HE







					Company Address



Yleiselektroniikka Oyj
Luomannotko 6, Pl 73ESPOO      02201
P: +35810.2891200F: +35810.2891270







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Tina Aspiala

16,740




							 Janne Silvennoinen

350,452




							 Marika Rusko

--




							 Marja Putkisaari

--




							 Juha Eiro

12,000




» More Officers & Directors





					Yleiselektroniikka Oyj News




» More YLEPS.HE  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment


























Yleiselelektroniikka Oyi - an RS Components authorised distributor








		From Amateur to Professional
		Yleiselektroniikka Oyj - 30 years of growth

		Tremendous strides have been made from the radio technology of the '60s to today's electronics technology. YE was founded in 1969 in Helsinki and moved to the neighboring city Espoo in 1984. The company now employs 122 people, 55 of them working abroad. When YE was taking its first steps, Finland's economy was based around wood, paper and ships, and the idea that we could compete in the world of global telecommunications was then a distant dream.
		     The founders of YE were enthusiastic amateurs, as were the majority of our customers. The business plan of the company was to offer a wide range of components and tools to serve the rapidly developing hi-tech sector. The need for technical consultation services was enormous. High standards of professional skill and strong entrepreneurship laid a firm foundation for our operations. 
		

Finnish Language Literature


		YE saw the need to develop professional literature in Finnish. Many of the top names in electronics in our country today studied the basics of the subject from books and catalogues published by YE.
		     The company's publication for customers, the Yleiselektroniikka magazine, was an immediate success among our clients, and our publishing division quickly developed into a highly professional operation. Eventually we decided to sell the magazine to Infopress Oy. Elektroniikka Uutiset, one of the leading professional journals in our sector, has its origins in the YE customer magazine. 
		

An Extensive Finnish Catalogue 


		Yleiselektroniikka moved on rapidly from amateur radio technology to professional electronics. The Finnish YE catalogue contains almost the entire range of products needed by the electronics industry. Today, the YE catalogue offers its customers almost 12,000 top-quality products, which are readily available from our warehouse at Olarinluoma in the city of Espoo. 
		

Business is Expanding


		Our clientele has grown rapidly. Ever since Nokia's telecommunications divisions Elcoteq, Tellabs and Efore first began operation, YE has endeavoured to cooperate with them as a strong business partner, developing materials needed by customers and ensuring their supply.
		     On the production and R&D side, YE has become one of the most important suppliers. Furthermore, several products distributed by us have become established concepts in the Finnish market, Weller and Fluke being good examples.
		     A number of company acquisitions have enabled YE to expand and consolidate its operations still further. The most significant ones have been the acquisition of Dualatek Oy (1988); the component business division of Valtamatic Oy (1988); Telercas Oy, Tykaluedustus Oy (1994); and the A-Kaabel companies (1996).
		     Today YE heads an international group of companies. Over 60 of its personnel are in the service of foreign subsidiaries. It continues its pioneering approach, developing new market areas - presently the electronics sectors of the Baltic countries and Russia. The reputation of our subsidiary A-Kaabel, as a competent LAN specialist in the Baltic countries, is laying a foundation for developing the local area network business of the parent company, too.
		     YE, as a Finnish exchange-listed logistics specialist, competes successfully with the big international chains. We at YE believe in expertise and personal customer service. We are preparing to meet the challenges of the next millennium with a new, customer-oriented organization, and are offering our clients a service package that will supply the right products at the right time.
		     Our customers have varied needs. We respond to these through a versatile service concept. YE offers different kinds of project services, with related stocking agreements; our own YE catalogue and, in addition, the comprehensive RS catalogue; a rapid order centre; and, in the metropolitan area, modern cash-and-carry outlets as well.
		     The theme of our anniversary year is Focus on the Future. In the new millennium we want to continue our success as an international, Finnish-based high-tech group that gives its customers a personal service. 
		
Managing Director's Review

		The recent financial period was, in several respects, an exceptional one for Yleiselektroniikka Oyj. Its length was nine months - a change which now makes possible a uniform closing-of-accounts practice for all the companies in the Group. There was a changeover of leadership in the company when the undersigned began service as the new managing director on 1 June 1998. The transfer of responsibilities went smoothly in cooperation with the previous managing director, Seppo Karttunen. At the Annual General Meeting, Yleiselektroniikka Oy became a public limited company, and the name amendment became valid on 25 June 1998.
		     Spearheaded by Nokia, electronics was the fastest-developing industrial sector in Finland. However, the growth in wholesaling was slowed down by component price erosion and the proportion of manufacturers' direct deliveries in high-volume product groups. The number of company acquisitions and mergers in global electronics chains increased. In Yleiselektroniikka Oyj, we see the situation as strengthening our position as an independent, locally stocking wholesale supplier.
		     During the period, we launched a strategic planning programme covering the whole Group. Each division prepared analyses of the present situation and outlined its plan of action for the near future, as well as setting goals for the next three financial years. One of our most important development targets is to build up the operations of this strong international group so as to provide support for all our subsidiaries and strengthen our position in the Baltic area.
		     In December 1998, the parent company announced details of its new, customer-oriented organizational model. The aim is to bring about a significant increase in personal customer service, clearer definition of the various internal functions, and support for the subsidiaries.
		     Investments were made in the development of subsidiaries. The operations of the A-Kaabel companies in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania were expanded to focus more on electronics. The cash-and-carry outlet in Tallinn has become an important supply centre for the electronics sector in the area. Through increased sales training, we have achieved efficiency in customer service.
		     The collapse of the Russian economy in August halted the positive development of the St. Petersburg subsidiary. The drastic fall in the value of the rouble meant that the consolidated accounts showed a considerable loss due to the difference in exchange rates; and it also caused a temporary halt in trade. Yleiselektroniikka International ZAO in St. Petersburg has, in four years, developed into a well-esteemed western-style electronics wholesaler. Positive results in the last few months of the financial period have reinforced our decision to continue active operations in Russia.
		     Yleiselektroniikka Oyj is currently celebrating its thirty years of operation as Finland's best-known electronics wholesaler. In this anniversary year we are getting ready to meet the challenges of the new millennium. A 'Euro Programme' for the company has been drawn up and was launched on 1 January 1999. The operation control system has been updated to continue functioning in the year 2000, and prerequisites for handling sales transactions via the internet are being put in place. Yleiselektroniikka will enter the third millennium with confidence as a Finnish-based, locally stocking logistics supplier.
		     I would like to express my warmest thanks to the customers, business partners and personnel of Yleiselektroniikka Oyj for their excellent cooperation. 
		

		Espoo, 16 February 1999 
		

Jussi Eerikäinen
		Managing Director 
		


Yleiselektroniikka Oyj
Luomannotko 6, PL73
			02201 Espoo
			Finland

			Tel: 358-9-452621
			Fax: 358-9-45262249

Email: yeoy@yeoy.fi


Website: www.yeoy.fi












Terms of Service Violation






Terms of Service Violation
Your usage has been flagged as a violation of our terms of service.
    

        For inquiries related to this message please contact support.
        For sales
        inquiries, please visit http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/request-demo


        If you believe this to be in error, please confirm below that you are not a robot by clicking "I'm not a robot"
        below.



Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and
        that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review the Terms of Service and Cookie
        Policy.

Block reference ID: 








Welcome to RS Online




















Cookies on the RS Components website




            Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better service while searching or placing an order, for analytical purposes and to personalise our advertising to you.
							
							You can change your cookie settings by reading our cookie policy. Otherwise we'll assume you're OK with our use of cookies.
        


            OK, I understand
        













In English
In English


In English
In English


In English
Hrvatska
In English

En español
En español

In English
In English
In English
In English
En español
Srbija
BiH
Crna Gora
In English
In English
In English
In English

In English


In English
Hrvatska
In English
In English

In English
En español
In English
In English
In English

En español

In English
In English
In English

En español






In English
In English
Srbija
BiH
Crna Gora
In English





In English
In English


In English
In English

In English


In English
In English
In English
In English




Help
InfoZone






















Show Suggestions [+]












LogIn
Register
Logout


















                        All Products
                        







                        Our Brands
                        




                            Top Brands
                        







































                                    All Brands
                                






                        New Products
                    



Welcome 

                        My Account
                        



My Orders
My parts list
My profile
Update Details
Your order preferences
Reset Password
Logout




                        Services
                    















                    



Campaign Not Available

                




         
    



New To RS Online?
Register with RS Finland Online







Yleiselektroniikka Oyj
As part of the International Distributor Network, Yleiselektroniikka Oyj is the Authorised distributor of RS Components in Finland.
Tel: 09-4526 21  Fax: 09-4526 2249  Email: export@rs-components.com


Services...

About YE & RS
Contact us 
Feedback
RoHS InfoZone




















 















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads

















































































































Skip to content










Sign upSign in


 















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Promote your business to millions of untapped customers searching on Bing. 












Enter your email address to get started


























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


† Offer Details: Offer expires September 30, 2018. Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied. Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted. See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply. Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search



Customers see your ad



Customers contact you












×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google Ads campaigns can't.

Reach 145 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 33.8% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 34% more than the average internet searcher.2













Get a boost with free insights
Download free insights to get the information you need to take your marketing skills to the next level.













Elevate your search marketing
Small business owners guide to search engine marketing

Click here to download






Making the case for Bing Ads
Bet on advertising with Microsoft for long term growth

Click here to download






The Art & Science of ad copy testing
Get more conversions with smarter ad copy

Click here to download





















We’re sorry!Something went wrong loading this part of the page. Try again in a little bit. That will give us some time to fix it.









please wait...




Thank you for downloading the @@title insight
You're on your way to taking your marketing to the next level.




There was a problem with the form
Well, this is awkward. Something went wrong with your form submission. Please contact support to resolve the issue.




Go ahead, download all three.
Now that you're registered with us, you can unlock even more great insights to take your marketing even further.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google Ads.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Discover more stories








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Discover more stories



 






 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Discover more stories









Import your Google Ads campaigns

Save time by importing your Google Ads campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google Ads option.


Enter your Google Ads credentials and select the campaign you want to import.









Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you



















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.














×
Request your coupon











Coupon code class


Required
First name

Last name

Email address


Website URL

Business phone

Country




(select country)
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Dem. Republic)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Island of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (Democratic Republic of)
Korea (Republic of)
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyz Republic
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldavia
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua-New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Re union
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
USA
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe












Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image








             











† Offer details





































Yleiselektroniikka Oyj, YLEPS:HEX summary - FT.com



















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Yleiselektroniikka OyjYLEPS:HEXSelect symbolFinlandYLEPS:HEXHelsinki Stock ExchangeGermanyYKK:BERBerlin Stock ExchangeYKK:STUStuttgart Stock ExchangeUnited Kingdom0MPF:LSELondon Stock ExchangeSwedenYLEPSEUR:STOStockholmsborsen - cashSwitzerlandOXYLEP:SWXSIX Swiss ExchangeYLEPSh:EBTEuronext BlockYleiselektroniikka OyjActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertIndustrialsElectronic & Electrical EquipmentPrice (EUR)8.30Today's Change-0.10 / -1.19%Shares traded843.001 Year change-15.31%Beta0.4717Data delayed at least 15 minutes, as of Aug 13 2018 17:00 BST.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.







1D3D1W1M6M1Y3Y5YCompar ApplyCancelComparisonsMake up to three selections, then save.0 of 3 selected0 of 3 selectedSuggested ComparisonsAspocomp Group OyjEfore PlcGoodtech ASAIncap OyjMultiQ International ABNFO Drives AB (publ)NTR Holding A/SStrongpoint ASATagMaster ABLightlab Sweden AB (publ)myFC Holding AB (publ)Inission ABSaveClearAnnouncementsAnnouncementsEvents & ActivityEvents & ActivityYLEPS:HEX trading volume exceeds daily average by +53.34%Aug 09 2018YLEPS:HEX price moved over +1.22% to 8.30Aug 09 2018YLEPS:HEX price rises above 15-day moving average to 8.35 at 14:36 BSTAug 10 2018YLEPS:HEX price rises above 15-day moving average to 8.30 at 15:02 BSTAug 09 2018Key statisticsOn Monday, Yleiselektroniikka Oyj (YLEPS:HEX) closed at 8.30, 6.41% above its 52-week low of 7.80, set on Jul 09, 2018.52-week rangeToday7.80Jul 09 20189.80Aug 14 2017Open8.40High8.45Low8.30Bid--Offer--Previous close8.30Average volume1.53kShares outstanding2.56mFree float785.32kP/E (TTM)11.45Market cap21.01m EUREPS (TTM)0.7337  EURAnnual div (ADY)0.32  EURAnnual div yield (ADY)3.81%Div ex-dateApr 13 2018Div pay-dateApr 23 2018Data delayed at least 15 minutes, as of Aug 13 2018 17:00 BST.More ▼ 
About the companyYleiselektroniikka Oyj is a Finland-based company engaged in the marketing and sale of electronics and electrical engineering components, measuring instruments and tools. Its product portfolio includes mainly batteries, cables and cable products, connectors, cooling products, enclosures, crystals and oscillators. The Company also offers design, stocking, technical support and consultancy services, and sells its products through retail outlets and a mail order catalog service. The Company markets electronic components and tools in Finland, Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic markets. In Finland, the Company’s main office, warehouse and shop are located in Espoo, near Helsinki, in addition to a sales office in Tampere, middle Finland. It also has sales offices in Moscow, St Petersburg, Samara and Yekaterinburg, Russia; in Kiev, Ukraine; in Tallinn and Tarto, Estonia; in Riga, Latvia, and in Vilnius, Lithuania.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.
Markit Short Selling Activity © Markit. All rights reserved.Although Markit has made every effort to ensure this data is correct, nevertheless no guarantee is given to the accuracy or completeness. Any opinions or estimates expressed herein are those of Markit on the date of preparation and are subject to change without notice; however no such opinions or estimates constitute legal, investment or other advice. You must therefore seek independent legal, investment or other appropriate advice from a suitably qualified and/or authorised and regulated advisor prior to making any legal, investment or other decision. This is intended for information purposes only and is not intended as an offer or recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities.

















 
 






YE International – Yleiselektroniikka Oyj | Photonics Finland
















































































F
L I 


Languages


suomi: 
 














YE International - Yleiselektroniikka Oyj











Yleiselektroniikka Oyj

Yleiselektroniikka Oyj is a multinational electronics trading company importing electronic components and tools to Finland, Russia and Baltics. With 47 years of experience in the field Yleiselektroniikka Oyj has become one of the Finland’s most important component and production equipment suppliers for demanding electronic and communication applications.
The main business area covers semiconductors, passive and active components, electromechanical components, connectors, sensors, RF products, test and measurement systems and devices, power supplies and cables, production technology and tools for maintenance and repair – all from the market leading brands. The technically skilled personnel help you to select the best products for your applications. During scheduled customer visits it’s possible to meet also the supplier representatives. Today the company’s head office, store and warehouse are located in Espoo, Finland. You can get what you need during the same day from the warehouse and buy the products easily from the store or shop online www.yeint.fi.
Outside Finland Yleiselektroniikka Oyj is also known as YE International.


Contact
Yrjö Inkinen
T&M Product Manager
Tel. 0400-211997
Mail. yrjo.inkinen@yeint.fi
 





http://www.yeint.fi




 

























